Download data 
Store data in 2 folders, "Raw data" and "cleaned data" folders raw data is completely un-edited and files are in their state as received
Clean Data
Merge all files in Excel, create new files seperate from the raw data files
remove poor formatting
remove all commas to reduce issues with upload to microsoft SQL Server
Upload to SQL Server
Error uploading files with wide columns and many characters
Change column width in SQL
Upload complete
Change data types
	Issue with ID formatting
	Delete tables from SQL Server
change ID columns in excel workbook to Numbers from scientific formatting
ID columns no longer "Round up" on scientific formatting and can be used easier in SQL server
Create CSV files to upload to SQL server
Use Stored programs to convert data types again
Data types needed to be changed for proper use of aggregate functions
Begin data exploration
questions
1)total number of transactions?
2)total number of transactions per year
3)Total revenue?
4)Total revenue per year
5)Total amount of fees?
6)total amount of fees spent per item listed.
	Not able to get the number since tax $ is included in fees columns
	$0.20 Fee added to each listing every 4 months an item is listed.
	$0.20 Fee added for each item sale
7)how long has each item been listed?
	unable to find due to data contraints
8)Average order total
9)What time of year is most popular for purchases
10)New customers vs repeat cutomers?
11)Where are people buying? create a sales map
12)What percent of listings have sold vs what percent of listings have never sold?
13) what are the top (n) Products sold?
Exploration finished (Check sql file to see code for each question above)
Upload SQL section to github
Start to create visualizations in Tableau
create KPI's section
Gross revenue, Net Revenue, Total Fees, Average order total, 2020/2021/2022 sales
Create bar chart
Total orders per year
Create line chart
Monthly orders, shows which months are most popular
create sales map
Sales map
Create bubble chart 
top 10 selling products
Create pie charts
New vs returning customers, percent of listings sold
Add stock photo of etsy
Finish visualizations formatting
posted to tableau public
Areas for improvement
Joining tables to allow for better filtering and usability of dashboard
The way the visualizationswere created did not allow for good filtering in the dashboard, for example, id you click on 2021 sales it will not change KPI's or bubble chart to reflect the 2021 data. If I was restarting this project I would focus on making this feature available.
Formatting could be improved in terms of visual readability
Upload Logbook to github
